Attributes form designer: Documentation for search box and toggle aliases button (#10019)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

* ``Provide ui file``: allows to use a Qt designer file, hence a potentially
  more complex and fully featured template, as feature form.

Just below the :guilabel:`Attribute editor layout` setting, a search box allows to
filter fields, relations, containers and other available widgets.

For items that support aliases, like fields or relations, the filter targets both
names and aliases.

.. _figure_attributes_form_search_box:

.. figure:: img/attributes_form_designer_search_box.png
   :align: center

   Search box in Attributes Form page

The |toggleAliases| :sup:`Show field aliases instead of names` button allows
to toggle field aliases and field names.

> When showing aliases, fields that don't have an alias set, will have their names
> shown in light gray color for intentifying them easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When showing aliases, fields without an alias set will have their names displayed in light gray to help identify them easily.
```

> 

Reviewer: gif is only available for html
```suggestion
.. only:: html

```

> .. only:: html
> 
> .. _figure_attributes_form_toggle_aliases:
> 
> .. figure:: img/attributes_form_toggle_aliases.gif

Reviewer 2: If you do NOT agree with my other suggestions then apply this change to fix the build failure (due to missing blank line and indentation).
```suggestion

.. only:: html

 .. _figure_attributes_form_toggle_aliases:

 .. figure:: img/attributes_form_toggle_aliases.gif
```
